Docs: Add Hubspot dashboard template (#8925)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/templates/hubspot-report-dashboard.mdx

---
title: Hubspot starter report template
subtitle: A.B.D. (Always be dashboarding)
thumbnail: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/shop_e368cf5db4.png
featuredImage: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/hubspot_efc9752f41.png
showTitle: true
filters:
  type:
    - dashboard
  maintainer: official
---

<Section
  divider={false}
  cols={2}
>
  <div>
    <h5>Get sales data in PostHog</h5>

>     <p>Make use of the Hubspot's data. View contact count, lead usage, average days to close, recent deal amounts, and more.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>View contact count, lead usage, average days to close, recent deal amounts, and more.</p>
```

  </div>
  <div>
    <h5>Combine with PostHog product data</h5>

>     <p>Combine your Hubspot data with PostHog product data to get a more complete view of your business.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Combine Hubspot and PostHog data to get a more complete view of your business.</p>
```

        <li class="relative md:max-w-md py-4 md:py-8 pl-4 pr-2 md:px-12 ">
          <h5 class="text-xl font-extrabold m-0 pb-1 pr-4">Key metric counters</h5>
          <p class="m-0 text-[15px]">See how Hubspot contacts, companies, and deals are changing over time.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="relative md:max-w-md py-4 md:py-8 pl-4 pr-2 md:px-12 ">
          <h5 class="text-xl font-extrabold m-0 pb-1 pr-4">Top users</h5>
          <p class="m-0 text-[15px]">Combine Hubspot's contact list with PostHog data to see who is most active and who makes for good targets.</p>
        </li>
        <li class="relative md:max-w-md py-4 md:py-8 pl-4 pr-2 md:px-12 ">
          <h5 class="text-xl font-extrabold m-0 pb-1 pr-4">Deal metrics</h5>
          <p class="m-0 text-[15px]">See deal count, average days to close, amounts by deal stage, and more.</p>
        </li> 
        <li class="relative md:max-w-md py-4 md:py-8 pl-4 pr-2 md:px-12 ">
          <h5 class="text-xl font-extrabold m-0 pb-1 pr-4">Revenue</h5>

>           <p class="m-0 text-[15px]">Connect your deals and companies to real revenue, either by using the company revenue data or combine with Stripe.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <p class="m-0 text-[15px]">Connect your deals and companies to real revenue, either using the company revenue data or Stripe.</p>
```
